components

trying to execute a machine learning algorithm in the game?

teach students how to do ai programming easier

collect data to have a machine learning algorithm to run on

Relying on what children love about playing minecraft. Has utility to the player.

Section 1
python and communicating with the game
- machine learning
	+ transforming data and making it a good for use in machine learning
- write python code to record the game
	+ minecraft builtins - minecraft runtime built into the game?
	+ we write code to store data
- run models
	+ see if our python libraries can run models
		+ say hey this tool cannot run in the game or say it can (tech stack)
___ lets collect data ___

Sect 2
- should we move this outside of the game?

Sect 3
- can we just make a quick website and have it wrap around work inside of the game


--------------
electron app does not work with azure notebooks
if we want it to work, we need to figure out how to get jupyter notebooks hosted in the electron app
host python runtime in the electron app
we are using the electron app as a front end
Solid set of engineering work
if it has to go inside of the game, we need a good reason
	- if it doesn't run in the game, then that is a good reason
python implementation without restrictions?
deciding what kind of libraries that we are using
decision matrix
run our own python app outside of the game?
	+ allows multiple people to work on it?
Teach folks how the game actually communicates with all of these devices
once we understand the communication channel 

IDEA IS: Get a simple scenario working end to end

connects to the game through websockets
understand how the game kernel they have today and ...
send it a message saying the 
automating the chat commands is what this is???? Jeff made it sound like that
everytime something moves forward, an event is fired

python is talking to the game, finding slash commands
	- any time a player dies, python is told
	- understand how data is flowed
	- electron app has that stuff wired in
encryption of websockets
no blasting agent commands
request command, then get response. You must get response back
queue commands, calling them one at a time
set up 

minecraft builtins python library

in game, python does not currently allow file changes or web development

electron app is nice in way

Code Connection

End of the day is what works in our model?
	- model is running in python?

steps
break into different areas
	communicate with python api
	data transform
	modeling
	feedback in game
	take all of these pieces and try to hook it up to Jupyter someone could have an interactive experience with it

Step 1 - how does the game communicate with the python side, what is the protocol?
play with documentation. Get agent to move
See how things are working underneath

Step 2
make a table or something to store the data

--------------------------
how to get jupyter notebooks in the game - illustrated by the School of Mines

C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Studios\Minecraft Education
 - python is inside the game
C:\Program Files (x86)\Microsoft Studios\Minecraft Education Edition\data\python
 - minecraft builtins

execute_command
 - we can execute commands and get them back
 - everyone is able

---------------------
wants the data visualizations 

inflection point
	can we just use python3.8?
	python___ folder
		use different python runtime

overarching goal
	introduce students into data analysis
	next is use that information to make their game experience better
	using machine learning (more advanced students) to even be smarter


--------------
getting beta 14?

--------------
yash sleep deprived for the next 18 years cuz he will have a child